hey everyone I wanted to do a quick
review of my new 2001 Chevy Tracker zr2
now this is a pretty much a cousin of
the Grand Vitara the zr2 comes with the
skid plates on the bottom you ever want
to go off-roading I've been I've only
had this thing for about a month now and
no I haven't done any off-roading
but I'm looking forward to using it in
the snow has the new Goodyear Wrangler
tires back their tires right now I want
to say they're around 50 percent I'm
more of a big SUV guy but my commute has
gotten a lot longer this semester so I
went ahead and got with a smaller SUV I
might be selling this around January
February
I talked over right now to a bigger SUV
again cuz I'll be going back to two days
a week on the highway but at the same
time I'm really enjoying this car so I
may end up keeping it those aren't the
original zr2 stickers the person before
me decided to take them off and OAM ones
that are bigger were like 50 bucks each
so I went ahead and just got these for
$15 the tracker comes with the standard
15-inch steel wheels tires I believe are
2 1575 15 now I was like I said I wanted
to get a grand vitara but this tracker
was just so clean the body the body is
literally almost spotless
there's I'll show you or later there's
like a little hole on the front bumper
but that's about it
ceilings really clean can I get to see
the front a little bit
well I would definitely say the exterior
of this car gets about a nine point five
out of ten and the interior probably
about a 9 out of 10 let me show you that
little thing else talking about it's
right here about the size of maybe two
quarters possibly yeah like I said I
want to get a grand vitara but I went
and checked this out low miles it only
has 71 thousand miles and I was like
that's in this good condition must have
been taken care of
ac it's really sunny AC heat worked
perfectly
hazards your standard stereo you get the
high-low four by four you have the
intermittent wipers let me see
cruise control cruise control really
affects my gas mileage because if I'm
late I'll typically put the cruise
control in 75 which gets me about 20
miles to the gallon and whenever I'm
actually on time and I just set it from
65 I get closer to about 22 let's see
you can see the mouths right there 70
1572 let's see let me pop off pop up in
the trunk for ya
sorry - hood will see the talk - but
anyways the tractors er - the v6 it's
rated for a 16 city 19 highway but like
I said I think getting closer to about
there's the visas
24-valve battery windshield wiper
break :
yeah underneath the car through the
clean off
even says uzuki right here
go ahead towards the trunk kind of give
you an idea on the cargo room now the
back seats do fold down if you wanted
more room this has the premium sound
with the speakers in the back as well
and the back look right here and there's
one more under there's also one on the
front and like I said with the tractor
specifically for it let's go to the
front show that there's no signs of leak
yeah
this kid play right there covers
everything up
looking a little bit more at the body
it's sunny up
like I said it's practically spotless
now the plastic the great plastic over
here it's a I can tell that it's fading
a little bit but I actually took a
little restoration application cloth to
it and it was perfect like it was almost
brand-new but it rained over in Illinois
about five days straight and kind of
washed it away but before that it was
just uh look really good
I'm gonna give you an idea
yeah guys just quick review of the
tracker if you have any questions or you
I'm gonna touch up on something specific
with the car let me know alright there's
your automatic windows and door locks
all sets keyless entry have a good day